Windows installation script (#4)
ArthurSudbrackIbarra/GitHub-Repo-Creator: README.md

## Installation (Windows)

### Automatic installation

> 1. Open a powershell an run this command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open a Powershell terminal and run this command:
```
